You killed our baby, long live our baby
I told him to help.
My baby girl is being bullied
My grandson was also killed
Now his father actually speaks for the murderer
Why would you hire me like that?
Auntie child is gone
I am also responsible
My marriage to Tang Yuxin remains unchanged
Leave the rest to me
Take them out to rest
Let's get to know each other.
Mr. Guo just thanked you, but listen to my explanation
I really didn't do it.
What happened that day?
You tell me one by one
I got a text the other day.
Let me go to Xishan Road and say that something happened to Zi Ang
But when I arrived, I didn't see anyone.
Then suddenly Tang Yuxin appeared
He said he was hurt
Then suddenly it fell backwards
Son text message pair
I still have a text message for you.
Surveillance and monitoring
You can see it on the surveillance.
I didn't push the tower at all.
I don't have surveillance at all
Impossible Idea
You better be honest with me.
People always look at me in the funeral hospital
How could it be dangerous?
It was really Tang Yuxin who lied to me.
You said he lied to you.
I really don't know why he lied to you.
So I went.
He was the only one there.
Then suddenly it fell backwards
I want to pull him
He threw my hand away
You mean Tang Yuxin?
Let the child in his belly design it